olesen meeting with evo paris in a well-known band here in chicago tica
church say that this committee already did locate antenna why my
loved very well very well here we are waiting
he plays for all the people yes and he's ready to play
the santas fail the san ta all good pazos to a retinue
when there was little left Carlos Sanchez we are going to play eight songs expressed
last night
according to the hops of the pp in the disc and in the new songs that are going to come out
on the first floor the next album that will come out on
such end of this year
ethical-moral principles
as it stood out in that first album I'm very well
sold very well in stores and
or are we waiting for
happy
Well my dearest to more than lizarbe mouth at the end I hope you spend it
today his pressure is to flee a thousand wonders
primates eliana tino tevé latino talent
ocáriz before the cameras
as
mkhondo sun